What is SQL ?
	
SQL is a database language that we can use to intract with databases
And Django is going to allow us to have an abstraction layers on top of SQL.
to intract with the SQL.

What is migration ?
Migrations are going to be a technique that are going to allow us to update our database in response to changes that we make to our underlying models.

Relational databases.

More about the SQL:
SQL is a database language that is designed to intract with relations database management systems. Databases that organize data into tables where every table has rows and columns.
And it turns out, there are a number of different database management systems that implement parts of the SQL standerd of this type of language.

Papular database management systems are:
My SQL
PostgreSQL
SQLite
Usually mysql and postgresql are used in server side database intract with and most of the companies are using these two.
Sqlite is a bit of a simpler lighter weight implementation of the sql standard.

Types of eatch SQL languages:
SQLite Data Types:
Text	: text content
Numeric	: Numerical data like date, some nuber of values 
Integer	: integer numbers ex: 0 1 2 3 so on and negative numbers to ex: -1 -2 -3 so on
Real	: these are after the decimal point numbers like ex: 2.8 4.3 6.9 so on
Blob	: Binary large object like any kind of binary values.

MySQL Data Types
Char (size)	: Its use to difine the lenght of the string 
Varchar(size)	: its also same as char and here it will automatically adjust the lenght
Smallint	: Small bite of data integer values can store
Int		: Mediam bite of data integer values can be store
Bigint		: Big size of integer values can be stored
Float		: Allow us to store floating point numbers
Double		: Allow us to store more precission values of floating numbers

some examples:
Creating a simple database
CREATE TABLE flights(
			id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOICREMENT,
			origin TEXT NOT NULL,
			destination TEXT NOT NULL,
			dutation INTEGER NOT NULL );

Types of constrins:
 
Check
Default
Not Null
Primary Key
Unique

Inserting values to the flights database
INSERT INTO flights 
		(origin, destination, duration)
        	VALUES ("New York", "London", 415)




















