What is django?
	Django is a python web framework its allow us to write pyhon code that is able to dynamically generate
HTML and CSS, and ultimately allowing us to build a dynamic web application.

* In the HTML and CSS also we build the web applications but those applications are static and (Identical) web pages. 
That means there will be no continuous changes in the applications.
Thats why we find a best way to make powerfull webpages with the help of django.

What is HTTP (Hyper Text Transfer Protocol)?
Which is the protocol for how messages are going to be sent back and forth over the internet.

How it works?
Assume we have a computer and the server so in the computer user(clint) will send(make) the request to the server.
here the server contains our Django web application that is going to run on this server.
Then clint will make request to server and server will process that request and then return some sort of response. to the clint.

Ex for request : 
Get/ HTTP/1.1
Host: www.example.com
...

Ex for response :
HTTP/1.1 200 ok
Content-Type: text/html
...

Some of the main HTTP Status Codes
	Status code		Description
	200		- 	Ok
	301		-	Moved permanently 
	403		-	Forbidden
	404		-	Not Found
	500		-	Internet Server Error
 
200 : ok means everything is fine
404 : the web page is doesn't exist
301 : moved permanently it means redirecting to on page to another
403 : Forbidden means your not suppose to access the web page.
500 : internet server error means some sort of internal server error. somthing bug in the code.

Install the django using pip install django
Ok Let's get started building our first project in django.
=> write in command : django-admin startproject PROJECT_NAME
The django will create a cupple of files in the django project.
1. --init--.py
2. asgi.py
3. settings.py
4. urls.py
5. wsgi.py
6. manage.py

manage.py : here we will not touch that file but we will exicute the commands over the manage.py
Settings.py : It contains the important configuaration settings as well and
also some defalt settings aslo those settings we can modify if we want means.
urls.py   : It as a table of content its having the all the required urls.




